Q. Immediately after takeoff, we want to go to drop zone, 
just flying over with no airdrops, before taking first waypoint lap, 
is it acceptable? Thanks

A. No - this is not acceptable. You may knot knowingly deviate from the waypoint 
path until after you have completed a full lap.

Q. Does “Object Detection” refer to implementing real-time image processing 
algorithms (such as YOLO or other object detection models), or is it sufficient to analyze the post-flight 
mapping data and mark object locations manually on the generated map?
If we assign new waypoints to the UAS via the GCS during flight (after takeoff), 
would that be considered a violation of autonomous flight requirements or not?
A. "Object Detection" can mean anything - we do not have a 
requirement for how you do the object detection (YOLO, manual image review, etc.).
Adding waypoints is allowed and no penalties will be applied.

Q.<@166744928796409857> 
I have three questions about the competition mission. 

1. Will the flight area boundary use exactly the same GPS points as given in the GitBook, or can there be any changes on the actual competition day?
2. In section 3.2.2 it says waypoints will be given in UTM coordinates and altitudes, but the sample mission in Appendix C uses lat/long. 
So on competition day, will the waypoints given in paper be in this format?
UTM Easting: 365190.40  
UTM Northing: 4241882.52  
UTM Zone: 18S  
Altitude: [200 ft AGL, 342 ft MSL]
3. Will the altitudes of the waypoints vary throughout the mission, 
or are they expected to remain constant? Also, is there a defined maximum 
waypoint altitude that we should prepare for?

The flight area boundary will not change unless something extremely unexpected
comes us that forces us to change that boundary. If that does happen, we will let teams know ASAP.
Team's should expect decimal degrees like the appendix shows - 
I will update the typo in the rules that refer to UTM coordinates.
You should be prepared for either - one static altitude or 
varying altitudes throughout the mission. The maximum waypoint altitude 
that you can expect is 350ft AGL (leaves some buffer until the 400ft AGL FAA altitude limit).